Cluster insights (#466)
aws/aws-eks-best-practices: content/upgrades/index.md

In the event your Cluster Insight findings report ```"status": ERROR```, then addressing these findings will be imperative before proceeding with an EKS version upgrade. The information provided by running the ```aws eks describe-insight``` command will aid you in remediating the finding report by sharing the following:

Resources affected:
```
"resources": [
      {
        "insightStatus": {
          "status": "ERROR"
        },
        "kubernetesResourceUri": "/apis/policy/v1beta1/podsecuritypolicies/null"
      }
]
```

APIs deprecated:
```
"deprecationDetails": [
      {
        "usage": "/apis/flowcontrol.apiserver.k8s.io/v1beta2/flowschemas", 
        "replacedWith": "/apis/flowcontrol.apiserver.k8s.io/v1beta3/flowschemas", 
        "stopServingVersion": "1.29", 
        "clientStats": [], 
        "startServingReplacementVersion": "1.26"
      }
]
```

Recommended action to take:
```
"recommendation": "Update manifests and API clients to use newer Kubernetes APIs if applicable before upgrading to Kubernetes v1.26."
```

> Utilizing this information will help greatly speed the process of successfully upgrading EKS cluster versions, and is available on the Amazon EKS console to view as well. To learn more, please visit the official EKS [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cluster-insights.html), as well as the Cluster Insights launch [blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/accelerate-the-testing-and-verification-of-amazon-eks-upgrades-with-upgrade-insights/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Utilizing cluster insights through the EKS Console or CLI help speed the process of successfully upgrading EKS cluster versions. Learn more with the following resources:
* [Official EKS Docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/cluster-insights.html)
* [Cluster Insights launch blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/containers/accelerate-the-testing-and-verification-of-amazon-eks-upgrades-with-upgrade-insights/).
```
